Release notes for HF v1.3.1 (#139)
FirelyTeam/firely-docs-firely-server: tools/firely-server-import.rst

Release notes
-------------

.. _fsi_releasenotes_1.3.1:

Release 1.3.1
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> * Fixed a bug that sometimes caused an exception when ingesting data to Sql Server

Reviewer: Can you more specific about the circumstances of the bug? How can it be triggered?

> * Fixed a bug that sometimes caused an exception when ingesting data to Sql Server

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Corrected an exception when multiple batch threads are processing and saving in parallel to SQL Server.
```
